Tutorial: Compare AWS Bedrock Foundational Model (#9343)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/compare-aws-bedrock-foundational-models.md

---
title: How to compare AWS Bedrock foundational models

> date: 2024-09-12

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2024-09-20
```

    // Capture the event
    posthog.capture({
      distinctId: email,
      event: 'bedrock_completion',
      properties: {
        model_id: modelId,
        prompt,
        generation: parsedResponse,
        prompt_token_count: promptTokenCount,
        generation_token_count: generationTokenCount,
        response_time_in_ms: responseTime
      }
    });
    // rest of your code
  }
```

Then, to track errors, we capture `bedrock_error` events in the `catch` block of our code:

```js file=src/app/api/generate-llm-output/route.js
// your existing code
  } catch (error) {
    console.error('Error:', error);

    posthog.capture({
      distinctId: email,
      event: 'bedrock_error',
      properties: {
        model_id: modelId,
        prompt,
        error_message: error.message,
        error_name: error.name,
        error_code: error.$metadata?.httpStatusCode,
        error_type: error.__type,
        error_requestId: error.$metadata?.requestId,
        error_stack: error.stack,
      }
    });

    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ error: 'Failed to generate prompt' }), {
      status: 500,
      headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },
    });
  }
```

> Refresh your app and submit a few prompts. You should then see your events captured in the [PostHog activity tab](https://us.posthog.com/events).

Author: ```suggestion
Refresh your app and submit a request using the various LLM buttons. You should then see your events captured in the [PostHog activity tab](https://us.posthog.com/events).
```
